---
title: "Policy"
date: 2020-05-31T17:34:40-07:00
draft: false
featured_image: '/images/site/policy.jpg'
categories: [site]
tags: [site]
description: Terms of use, our policies, and the way we use and collect data
lang: en
---

{{< head 1 "Terms of Use" >}}
{{< big D >}}o the good and not the evil. Use of this website imply that you agree with the terms of use stated below. That being said Brewing Cats operates with certain 
amounts of data which are used in different ways to improve the functionality of the website as well as to enable interoperability with other sites on the web. 
The data being generated due to its use will be used in a fair and transparent way, we believe that the data generated by a single user can help us make a better 
website by improving, optimizing, and allowing us to know the key investments. At the same time we believe any data generated by a single user should be made 
available to that user so the user understands what data and how is being used

{{< head 2 "Cookies" >}}
{{< big B >}}rewing Cats does not use specific cookies for any of the functionality. Any cookies coming from this website are derived from other subsystems such as AdSense 
(for fair use of advertising), ShareThis (for social functionality like sharing), and Analytics (for performance and functionality analysis). Brewing Cats do 
not have control over these cookies. If you do not agree with the terms of these subsystems of use you must stop using this website

{{< head 3 "Use of Data" >}}
{{< big B >}}rewing Cats might eventually collect telemetry data to evaluate the performance of the website and to improve its functionality. Once this occurs Brewing Cats 
will make available the user data collected to the respective user as is fair and represents the standard over which we would like to see the web operating. Every 
users must have access to the data collected and generated by themselves as well as basic analysis tools to know the behaviors being evaluated. Additionally users 
will be able to request deletion of data generated and and stop further data collection. Additional use of data generated by users will be disclosed appropriately 
if this ever happens

{{< unsplash "OQMZwNd3ThU" "sctgrhm" "Unsplash: Roadmap" >}}

{{< pageStats >}}
