---
title: "Telemetry"
date: 2021-02-13T17:29:37-08:00
draft: false
author: "Hugo Belin"
type: page
featured_image: '/images/site/telemetry.png'
categories: [site]
tags: [site]
description: Telemetry data, usage stats
lang: en
---

{{< big M >}}ost if not every website uses some form of telemetry. Since the inception of this website I had also plans for adding telemetry to it. The thing is for many sites, the data 
generated by users is collected not only with the purpose of improving the website, detect usability issues, or ways to improve it in general, many sites sell this data and use it for 
other purposes. Since I don't plan to make use of this data for purposes other than improve this website I'm taking few steps to ensure the data handling is transparent

{{< big A >}}s you might know I develop core functionality for this website and others in a set of libraries that I call `Brewing Cats Core`. Another website where I make use of them is in 
{{< link "https://brewingcats.com" "BrewingCats.com">}} where the same guidelines for data usage apply. You can see the complete policy for Telemetry generation and use in the 
{{< link "https://brewingcats.com/posts/site/telemetry/" "Telemetry page" >}} of {{< link "https://brewingcats.com" "BrewingCats.com">}}. Here I will simplify its contents

{{< big B >}}uilt a custom telemetry pipeline in order to get full control of the data handling. I'm making telemetry data available to anyone in the form of a Tableu Viz shown below. I 
don't identify people, I only identify users but you can identify yourself by getting your `Client ID` below. You can see the data you generated with the use of my site by using the filter 
in the Viz (the data is not added in real time so if it's the first time you use the site it might take up to a month to see it, I will try to update the viz frequently). Finally if you don't 
wish to support improving this website you can disable telemetry generation for your browser by using the switch below

{{< head 4 "Last Month Telemetry Data" >}}
{{< telemetrybrs en >}}
Your Client ID: {{< clientid >}}

{{< tableautelemetry >}}

{{< scrolltop >}}
{{< pageStats >}}
